[JENNIFER] "Justice, like
lightning should ever appear
To some men hope and to other men fear."
My father taught me that poem
when I was just a little girl.
[MAN ON TV] My son wasn't in no gang.
He had a job with the
city and a little boy.
Our children are dying in
these streets and no one cares.
No one is in control. Not even the police.
- This city has really lost its damn mind.
- [SNIFFLES]
This incident marks 125 shootings
in Freeland in just one weekend,
proof The One Hundred keeps
growing even stronger in power.
Freeland activists took to the streets
to protest the notorious gang,
but it turned violent
when One Hundred gang members
tried to break up the march.
We understand the community is
frustrated with the violence in our city.
Freeland PD is frustrated, too.
But I want to be clear,
we will not tolerate any rioting,
looting, or violence. Excuse me.
[REPORTER] But what about... One
more question for you, Inspector...
[NEWS ANCHOR] Many residents say they
have lost faith in the Freeland PD
and Inspector Henderson,
a 23-year veteran
who came up through the ranks
fighting Black Lightning,
who mysteriously
disappeared nine years ago.
One day, I wish these
idiots would give us credit
for all the lives
we've saved in Freeland.
[JENNIFER] I didn't
fully understand the poem
until I grew to know the truth
about my family and myself.
The signs were always there, but
this is how the journey began.
Dad?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
That's my dress.
Oh, yeah.
So is this one. Now,
hurry up and put it on
before Dad gives birth
to a small farm animal.
[SIGHS]
Oh, so you looked at your
schedule for tonight...
and you had a choice.
Protest The One Hundred, or
attend Garfield High's fundraiser,
and you chose the path that
led you to getting arrested.
It wasn't a choice, Dad.
No, it was a choice, Anissa.
Everything is a choice.
It was a peaceful protest.
Oh. Oh, yeah, burning police
cars? Breaking windows?
You know, that's actually the
very definition of "peaceful."
Well, I guess it depends on what
your definition of "peace" is.
Because the people in Freeland, they
haven't had peace in generations.
"Returning violence for
violence multiplies violence,
adding deeper darkness to a
night already devoid of stars."
Dr. King.
"And I'm sick and tired
of being sick and tired."
- Fannie Lou Hamer.
- Yep.
- But that is not the point I'm making.
- [POLICE SIREN BLARING]
[SIGHS]
This night just keeps
getting better and better.
[DISPATCHER] To be advised,
the suspect is armed.
[ANISSA] Dad, what's going on?
- Copy that, Dispatch...
- [JEFFERSON] Just be calm.
- Ugh!
- [JEFFERSON] Let me handle this.
Yeah, this doesn't
feel so good, does it?
[JEFFERSON] Jennifer.
Step out of the car.
Look, Officer, my name
is Jefferson Pierce...
Get out, please.
Okay, okay, look, this
is getting out of hand.
Now, this is the third time this month!
- [JENNIFER] Hey!
- What are you doing?
Get your hands off my dad!
- Hey!
- Leave him alone!
- Let me see your hands! Now!
- [JEFFERSON] Stop!
Don't shoot, all right?
Everybody, just calm down!
Okay.
[OFFICER] Ma'am, put
'em up on the dashboard.
Anissa, put your hands on the dashboard!
Dad, I have the right to
videotape if I want to!
Damn it, Anissa, just do it now!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[OFFICER] Is this the guy?
[OFFICER SIGHS]
You're not gonna tell me
what this is all about?
You have a good night, sir.
I asked you a question.
Her liquor store just got robbed.
[STUTTERS] And I'm sure
the description is what,
"a black man dressed in a suit and tie.
Getaway car, a mid-sized Volvo wagon"?
[SCOFFS] You have a good night, sir.
[SIREN CHIRPS]
[STATIC ON RADIO]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
[PANTS AND EXHALES]
[JENNIFER] This was the night, in the rain,
with thunder and
lightning as a witness,
that Black Lightning was born again.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
We all know that this
city is in a crisis.
But under the leadership of
Principal Jefferson Pierce,
Garfield High is an oasis of hope.
This Olympic gold
medal-winner came back
to his old neighborhood of
Freeland to turn it around.
And with graduation
rates now in the nineties,
Jefferson does it all with the help
of an outstanding
faculty and his family.
His oldest daughter, Anissa,
is a medical school student,
and teaches three days a week at
the school as a health educator.
His younger daughter, Jennifer,
is a standout scholar-athlete
just like her father.
- Girl, I was about to leave your ass.
- [SCOFFS] Okay.
No. Ain't nobody got time to be
waiting on the Queen Of Garfield High.
Kiesha, stop calling me that.
What? Girl, embrace it. It's true.
Yeah, but when people say it,
they're just low-key hating on me
for something I can't control. Like,
my dad's the principal, I get it.
Girl, here you are. Where
do y'all think y'all going?
[GROANS] Okay, okay.
Damn, we're busted. Um...
Listen, Khalil and a few of his friends,
we're having a small house party,
and Kiesha and I were gonna go.
So why are your fast asses
in the bathroom, half naked?
Thank you.
Listen, I promise to be
home before Dad gets home.
Come on, Harriet, help a
sister get some freedom.
- Mmm-mmm.
- You know what it's
like to live in that house.
Please?
[SIGHS]
Listen, Jennifer, this
fundraiser is over at ten o'clock.
You better have your behind in
the house no later than 10:15.
- I'm not playing.
- [GIGGLES] Yep.
No, seriously.
- 10:15.
- Don't play with me.
I'm not playing, I promise.
I'll be at home in the bed.
Thank you. Thank you,
thank you, thank you.
Love you! [CHUCKLES]
And stop calling me "Harriet Tubman."
Oh, sorry...
[BOTH] Harriet. [LAUGHING]
Okay, come on, come on, hurry up.
Ladies and gentlemen, join me
and welcome to the stage,
Principal Jefferson Pierce.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND CHEERING]
Thank you, Senator Turner.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Where is the future?
[STUDENTS] Right here.
- And whose life is this?
- [STUDENTS] Mine!
And what are you gonna do with it?
[STUDENTS] Live it by
any means necessary.
[RAPPING] ♪ 'Bout 'bout 'bout now ♪
♪ This is my intuition listen ♪
♪ I shouldn't be pushing hard ♪
♪ They said that be difficult ♪
♪ To make it I needed a miracle ♪
♪ But I did it I did it without you ♪
♪ What'd you think I would amount to ♪
♪ What'd you think I would
go Prowlin' n the city ♪
♪ I will be a legend now ♪
♪ Come on, think about it ♪
♪ I got loads of muscle ♪
[VOCALIZING]
Yeah! [LAUGHS]
You wanna go over there? Come on.
- What do you say?
- Are you serious?
Listen, don't think just
'cause I'm a little stoned
that means you're gonna get some.
Because I'm not having
sex in a club bathroom
with somebody I just met. Or ever.
I was just playing.
No, you weren't. Because if I'd said
yes, you would have been all over this.
- Okay, all right, I'll give you that.
- [BOTH LAUGH]
- That's wonderful.
- [MAN] That's great.
Excuse me.
You got a state senator introducing you?
N't let all this high-class
ass-kissing go to your head.
[LAUGHS] Henderson, uh, my students
would define your comments as "hatin'."
[LAUGHS]
Thank you for your support.
And more importantly, for, uh, pulling
the strings to get Anissa released.
Of course. It's getting
crazy out there, Jefferson.
The rules of the streets
don't apply anymore.
[CHUCKLES] You protest the police,
we'll tear gas you, arrest you,
maybe even put a knot on your head.
But protest The One Hundred
and they will kill you.
You tell Anissa she's needed
more in emergency rooms
than in those streets.
Got to get back to work.
And I'll check on those
guys who pulled you over.
- I don't think they're mine.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
[LAUGHING]
Nice monkey suit.
You should start a church, Jefferson.
At least you would make more money.
[JEFFERSON] Uh-huh.
- [CLEARS THROAT]
- Enjoying yourself, Mr. Pierce?
I will if we hit our goal tonight.
- Well, turn on the charm.
- [CHUCKLES]
- [CLEARS THROAT]
- I have someone you should meet.
Ms. Lady Eve from Black
Bird Funeral Parlor.
Deep, deep pockets.
- Yeah, I met her once or twice.
- Oh!
Okay, I will be over.
Uh, just give me a minute.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Heard your daughter got arrested
tonight. It's not a good look, Jeff.
- My daughter? Oh, you're funny.
- [CHUCKLES]
Yeah, we have joint custody,
which means half of her
attitude is your responsibility.
Jeff, Anissa has not been in "our
custody" for quite some time now.
Now, I know it's hard for you to
swallow, but she's not a child anymore.
She's a grown woman.
Yeah, legally true, but
emotionally and financially,
she is still in my care and
always in my wallet.
You know, I'm actually
kind of proud of her.
She's a lot like you, Jeff.
Always wanting to help,
always fighting for change.
You are beautiful.
Don't do that.
What?
You know what.
Besides, Ms. Fowdy's waiting on you.
[GASPS] Oh. Mmm-hmm.
You know, you actually look
really good in this suit.
[SIGHS]
Hey, hey!
Hey, it's me.
No, I thought you
said Jennifer was home.
What?
Absolutely ridiculous!
No, you should know better.
Yeah, I will talk to you later.
No, Afropunk over Coachella
any day of the week.
- No way.
- Are you serious?
SZA, Solange, Childish Gambino?
All right, all right,
I'll give you that one.
So, you one of them
alternative black girls?
[CHUCKLES] All right, I'll take it.
- No, for real, how old are you?
- I'm serious, I'm 18.
What's good, bruh?
What up?
Uh, I'm gonna run to the restroom
while you talk to your friends.
- Excuse me.
- No.
- I'm sorry?
- Chill. Chill.
[RAPPING] ♪ This rap you Step aside ♪
♪ I am richer than That some guy ♪
♪ On my homepage And my phone is ♪
♪ You both Just keep going hard ♪
[GRUNTS]
[LALA] Will, Will, Will, Will.
Why I gotta chase you down
to have a conversation?
You ain't got to chase me down, Lala.
I'm just hustling, just trying to
make the money you say I owe you.
Oh, look, the money I say you owe me?
Bruh, did the Freeland PD
not steal 100 grand worth of
product from you when you got popped?
See, none of this is my
business. I'm gonna go...
I'm talking, sweetheart.
Just stand there and be cute.
'Cause I want to make sure
that we clear on this point.
Did you not have commissary money?
Did you not have the
best lawyer in Freeland?
The money I say you owe me?
- [GRUNTS]
- [GROANS]
- I'm talking to you, man.
- [GRUNTS]
Why you got to do that
in front of my girl?
You know I'm good for it.
I'm gonna get you your money.
Don't say that. I'm not his girl.
I just met him tonight, I swear...
Hey, shut up. As a matter of fact,
I think your girl should
start putting in some work
over at the Seahorse Motel
to pay down some of that debt.
We good?
Yeah. Yeah, we're good.
We're good. [CHUCKLES]
Shut your proper ass, man.
No! No! The hell, we're not good.
I'm not ho-ing for nobody!
- I don't even know this dude!
- Jen, Jen, I'm sorry. Wait.
You know what? I thought
you were kind of cute
until I found out you
were somebody's bitch.
- [GROANING]
- [LAUGHS]
Hey, man, I like this girl, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where you
think you going, Bojangles?
No, please, let's not do this. I
just need to get through that door.
You ain't getting up in here.
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
I tried to do it the right way.
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [CROWD CLAMORING]
Do you see him?
- Where'd he go?
- Move! Move!
Right there!
Where'd he go?
[GROANS]
Where he at?
[GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
[SNIFFLING]
[MAN] Come on! Come on! Hurry!
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
[OFFICER ON MEGAPHONE] You, in the suit,
stay right where you are.
Put your hands where we can see 'em!
Do not move.
[SLOW ECHOING] Get on the ground!
He said, "Get on the ground!"
You get your black ass on the ground.
[GRUNTS]
- [GRUNTING]
- [TASERS CRACKLING]
- [GRUNTS]
- [OFFICERS GROANING]
♪ Stand up for something
Or fall for anything ♪
♪ Lightning came with no rain ♪
♪ I saw a superhero Last night ♪
♪ He was black ♪
♪ He said This is for the hood ♪
♪ Black Lightning's back ♪
You are lucky you didn't get shot
or end up in some motel room right now,
all drugged up and being passed around!
All right, you're going too far with it.
No, I'm not. It's happening every day.
Plus, you lied to me.
You said you were going to a
small house party, not Club 100.
Well, if I'd said Club 100,
would you have still let me go?
- Uh, no.
- Right.
Because your fast ass
shouldn't be going there anyway.
You know why they call
it "Club 100" Jennifer?
Because that's all who
hang there. Gang members.
Well, all you guys want me to
do is go to school, run track,
and "set a good example
for the other girls."
When did that become a bad thing?
I'm not Dad! I'm not you, and
I'm not the Queen of Garfield.
No, no, this is not about Dad or me
or some silly name
they call you at school.
It's about the fact that you're trying
to act grown when clearly you're not.
Why are you being
such a bitch right now?
Call me a bitch one more time.
I just won't tell you
next time. How about that?
You didn't tell me this time.
You came up in this house shaking
because you were so scared.
That's what told me. Now
you want to act all cool
like it was just, what,
some great adventure?
All right, I'm already stressed out.
- I can't with you right now.
- Okay.
- Give me my phone, please.
- Okay, you're not getting your phone.
Anissa.
[NEWS ANCHOR] Dark clothes. If
anyone has any information...
I'm not here to talk about Club 100.
We are here because two police officers
were viciously attacked tonight
while on the job protecting
and serving this community,
plain and simple.
Witnesses say it looked a lot
like Black Lightning was involved
at the incident at Club 100.
[INSPECTOR HENDERSON]
That's fake news...
This is not a game. This is real, Jen.
We are looking for a
regular, human, black male,
who was probably hyped up on drugs.
This assailant is
responsible for an attack
on two of Freeland's finest
officers, not some...
I thought you were done being a hero.
I am.
Doesn't look like it.
Thanks for stitching me up.
Luckily, it's just a flesh wound.
It doesn't feel like a flesh wound.
Nine years...
It has been nine years since I've
even come close to using my powers.
And each of those nine years
I've told you this city needs you.
So what's next?
What? If you mean Black
Lightning, there is no "next."
No, my daughter is safe.
Do you remember why you
became Black Lightning?
You wanted to give the people hope.
You wanted the evil that's out
there to have something to fear.
Right now there's nothing to fear
and evil's running rampant
like a plague through this city,
hell, through this world.
[SIGHS] Okay. You know what?
Let's cut through the
poetry and just talk real.
Now, the purpose of Black
Lightning was to kill Tobias
for literally shoving my father's
articles down his throat until he died.
Then it was because of crime
bosses, crooked politicians,
every small-time street thug
that had snatched a
purse or robbed a store.
You see, there's no end, Gambi.
There's no bottom for Black Lightning.
And the only loser
in all of it is... me.
[JEFFERSON SIGHS]
I feel like Lynn and I are making room
for a possibility of a reconciliation.
Do you hear me? I have a shot at
putting my family back together.
Black Lightning is not
gonna jeopardize that.
[CLICKS TONGUE] I love
Lynn and those girls,
but we knew this day would come.
Jefferson, I've known you
since you were 12 years old.
You're like my son, so I
have to tell you the truth.
The promise you made
Lynn was well-intentioned,
but it always had an expiration date.
[LYNN CRIES] Jeff, baby...
I can't do this anymore, Jeff.
I can't stay here with the girls
and just watch you kill yourself.
I promise, no more.
See, that's a curious
question. Why is he a vigilante
while other communities
have folks with superpowers,
and all of a sudden, they're heroes?
This shows you how, in this
country of nearly 400 years...
Hey.
You know, I was just thinking
about you on the drive over here.
What were you thinking?
Things you are not supposed
to say to your ex-wife.
Everything okay?
Yeah. I just came over
to calm Jennifer down.
She was pretty shaken up.
Why? What happened?
She was at Club 100
when that mess went down.
- She was there?
- We tried calling you.
We even tried calling the school.
[INHALES DEEPLY] I think we've
managed to calm ourselves down,
but it was scary hearing it, though.
Damn. The board had me hemmed up.
I mean, they're trying to...
It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.
I tell you, these girls...
I mean, one of 'em gets arrested,
the other's sneaking into clubs.
As scary and dangerous as it was,
Jennifer was just being a teenager.
Don't take it personal and don't
start having catastrophic thoughts.
- Yeah, well, it's hard not to.
- I agree.
When I think about what
could have happened,
it makes me sick to my stomach.
Now she knows what can happen.
- You're right. You're right.
- [CHUCKLES]
Mmm, I better go.
Oh, and I played bad parent tonight.
You know, did the whole speech...
"You lied. You put yourself in danger.
This speaks to your character.
No social media for a month."
So you're good on that front.
Wow. A month?
You're not playing.
No. No, I'm not. Not when it
comes to keeping them alive.
Thank you.
So, I was watching the news tonight.
And they were talking
about Black Lightning.
- [SCOFFS] What were they saying?
- That he's back.
Is he?
Lynn, of course not. You
know better than that.
I have saved more lives as a principal
than I ever would have
as Black Lightning.
I'm not looking to go backwards.
I pray that's true.
It is.
Good. 'Cause I don't ever wanna
see you like that again. Ever.
It was too painful.
You are talking like
someone who cares about me.
I do care about you, Jeff.
I do.
You're not gonna find anything.
Just a man who wants his woman back.
I should go.
Yeah.
- Drive safe.
- [CAR LOCK CHIRPS]
Daddy, why are you bleeding so much?
[LYNN] You may as
well be some crackhead.
I want you out. I want a divorce.
You broke your promise.
[GROANS]
[ROLAND ON TV] Look, you have this
fervor, this desire for a savior,
and that speaks to how this system has
utterly failed the black community.
Look, if Black Lightning is back,
this is a game changer for Freeland.
[MAN] Tobias! Please!
Don't do this! Tobias!
- [SPLASHES]
- [MUFFLED SCREAMING]
Hey, boss, you're gonna wanna
come take a look at this.
[INTERVIEWER]  Mr. Martin,
is Black Lightning back?
Come on, what have you got?
You've got people praying for
someone others call a vigilante
to be back in this city,
even though we haven't
confirmed if this rumor is true.
♪ They cover their heads ♪
♪ I can't see their faces ♪
♪ I can't see, see See, see, see ♪
♪ They're near me ♪
[ALL LAUGHING]
What are you doing?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
♪ No need No need to take from me ♪
♪ Don't throw the paint on me ♪
♪ I see this lake formin' ♪
♪ I got lost astray ♪
[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
Stan, I have not heard
from your parents.
- Have them call me.
- Will do, sir.
So, that's what this is
really all about, right?
- The board thinks...
- No.
The board wanting to put
metal detectors in the school.
It's not about the metal...
Oh, Kay, I have the
yearbook proofs in my office.
- Come find me.
- Okay.
Jefferson, it's not
about the metal detectors,
it's about the safety of the students.
- "The safety of the students"?
- Yes.
Is that what they told you?
[SCOFFS]
No, look...
Now, I will not treat my
students like criminals.
Do you realize almost all of
these kids know someone in prison?
Yeah, their mothers, or fathers,
or their aunties, uncles.
Now I will not turn my school
into another jail, Kara.
I'll relay the message.
Thank you.
[SIGHS]
[GROANS]
[CHUCKLES] You really
don't quit, do you, old man?
When you're staring down
the barrel of a gun,
you don't care if the person saving
you is a Christian, Muslim, Jew,
black or white,
or some guy in a weird
Parliament-Funkadelic getup.
- "Parliament"?
- You just wat a be saved.
- [ROBBER] Hurry up, man!
- Here it is.
I've watched this every year
on my birthday since then.
[GRUNTING]
[YELLING]
I wouldn't have seen my
kids graduate college,
the first black President,
or my grandkids if it
wasn't for Black Lightning.
- What are you even doing here?
- Jennifer, damn, girl, come on!
I told you, I just wanna
make sure we were cool.
Look, I saw your Instagram and
I zoomed in on your initials
and you know, I found you.
Okay, one, that's called
"stalking." And second, it's creepy.
- Now get out of here, I'm serious.
- No, it's not! Yo, Jen...
Stop! What the hell is wrong
with you? Get your hands off me!
Damn! Why do black girls
gotta have so much attitude?
What the hell is wrong with
you, grabbing on her like that?
You need to get up out my face.
You are not a student here
and I'm asm ng you to leave
before I call the police.
Bitch, I told you to get out of my face.
That's it. I'm calling the police.
The hell you not.
[GRUNTING]
- [GROANS]
- [STUDENTS SCREAMING]
[GRUNTS]
- [ANISSA] Let's go now. Let's go.
- Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Now what happens after
you pull this gun?
You going to shoot her? In
front of the entire school?
You're on parole, right?
Yeah, yeah. There are
cameras all over this place.
Do you really wanna go back
to jail for a school shooting?
'Cause that is life with no
possibility of getting out.
You don't know who you're messing with.
You're right, I don't.
But the police are already on their
way and they don't care who you are.
They will shoot your black ass for fun.
This ain't over. Bet that.
[JEFFERSON] What the
hell were you thinking?
I mean, you not only
put yourselves in danger,
but also the entire school.
What was I supposed to do?
You were supposed to
follow school protocol,
call security, and walk away.
It's been seven years since
I took over as principal.
Seven years, and we haven't
had one incident of violence.
Not one. And now this.
If you haven't noticed, Dad,
violence is everywhere in Freeland.
Did you really think it wasn't
gonna touch Garfield at some point?
Either we help the community as a
whole or we will all go down in pieces.
No. No, this is not about one of
your political diatribes right now.
It's not about the community.
A community, I might remind you,
I've been fighting for
since before you were born.
This is about me trying to
keep my daughters alive. Period.
[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
What happened, Dad?
When did you abandon your people?
Love you. Anissa.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Mr. Jefferson.
Latavious.
Wow. "Latavious."
Nobody's called me that since
I graduated from Garfield.
I'm kinda busy, so let's jump right in.
I heard what happened with Will.
Not cool, especially at the school.
Yes, exactly.
Now I've had an unwritten agreement
for years with all the gangs.
Garfield is a safe zone,
right? He broke that.
Now I'm trying not to
drag the police into this
because I do not want
things to escalate.
But I need you to keep
Will away from my girls,
and away from Garfield.
Will's my cousin.
He's been kinda lost
since he got out of jail.
But you ain't trying to
hear all that. I get it.
Hey, come here.
You late. The van's gone already.
This is Mr. Jefferson.
I went to his school.
Hey.
Come on, man. You know
towt's not how we do.
Look at Mr. Jefferson in the eyes.
Shake his hand and introduce yourself.
Hey, Mr. Jefferson. My name's
Malik. It's a pleasure to meet you.
It's a pleasure to meet you, too.
Whoo! That's what I'm
talking about. Yeah.
Everything okay?
- Yeah, everything's cool.
- Excellent.
- [GASPS]
- Latavious.
'Cause I was told that
you spent most of yesterday
playing video games in your phone.
What pisses me off is when you
don't give it your best, Malik.
- When you don't put in the effort to succeed.
- Ow.
There's a time to play games and
there's a time to focus on reality.
- And the reality of the situation is...
- Latavious...
While you got your mind
buried in them video games,
them white boys up in them
neighborhoods that you selling in
are being prepared to run
the world and your black ass!
Okay, Latavious, that is enough!
You know my damn name!
Now say it.
Say it.
Lala.
Never put your hands on me again.
You teach them your way
and I teach them mine.
Give me your phone.
Go get that broom. I
want these floors swept.
And don't even ask me
about your damn phone.
I'm gonna do you this favor.
But that means you owe me.
We good?
We good.
That's a nice suit, man.
Real nice suit.
All right, ladies. Homework. Let me...
[STUDENTS GASPING]
Excuse me? I'm talking to you.
- [WILL] Remember me?
- I'm not afraid of The One Hundred.
- Bitch, you should be!
- Get your hands off of her!
Let's go. Come on!
- Jen!
- Anissa.
Don't! Wait, don't take them!
Turn into a mess if
we're not careful, Lynn.
Now, let me at least confirm
that they're at the Seahorse
Motel before we go in.
How long does "confirm" take, Henderson?
We're talking about our
daughters here. Our daughters.
I should just go over there and
talk to someone my damn self.
Talk to who?
Who, Jeff?
We're at this point right now 'cause
you didn't talk to me in the first place.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
Now, come on, man, let me take
care of it. Let me do my job.
Okay.
Jeff, where are you going?
To get our girls.
Bring them home.
The One Hundred have
Jennifer and Anissa.
Head downstairs.
I've been working on something new.
Something better.
[SUIT POWERING UP]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
[GRUNTING]
[POWERING UP]
So your dumb ass thought
that bringing them here
was actually a good idea?
Yes!
[GROANS]
These ain't no ordinary girls, man!
Their father's like
Black Jesus to Freeland!
You know damn well
that you don't make a move
like this without permission.
No, I was just trying to...
- [GRUNTING]
- [GROANING]
[GUNFIRE IN DISTANCE]
See what I mean? It's
been, like, what, huh,
at least five years since
I took over this place,
and we ain't had no
violence here? Now look.
Handle that.
- Murk these girls and make them disappear.
- [CRYING]
And you do the same.
[THUGS SNICKERING]
[GASPING]
[GROANS]
[YELLING]
[GIRLS SOBBING]
Nice suit.
[GIRLS GASPING]
[EXHALES]
Now you should at least
give a brother a moment
to say something heroically clever.
Now you've just pissed me off.
Let's go, Jen!
[GROANING]
[GASPING]
- Where is Lala?
- I don't know!
- [GRUNTS]
- [GROANING]
Boy!
Now, I'm only gonna
ask you one more time.
Where's Lala?
[SOBS] I don't know, man!
Is that your car?
[GRUNTS]
Yeah.
It was nice.
[SHOUTS]
[GROANS FEEBLY]
- [SIRENS BLARING]
- [MEN GRUNTING]
[OFFICER] Get over here! Move! Move!
They were holding us in that
room up there. Right there!
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[SMOOCHES]
- Hey, boss, you know, I...
- [SHUSHING]
- [GROANS]
- [LAUGHTER]
Damn!
Do you believe in the
Resurrection, Latavious?
- I asked you a question.
- [CONTINUES GROANING]
Do you believe in the Resurrection?
The concept itself is beautiful,
but it's a complete fantasy.
I killed Black Lightning.
- [GROANING]
- But it seems you and whoever this is
have developed an adversarial
relationship that's bad for my business.
[GROANING LOUDLY]
My question is, can you
take care of this problem,
or should I just kill you
now and solve it myself?
[GIRLS SOBBING]
It's okay. It's okay, you're okay.
[SIGHS]
[SNIFFLES]
Thank you.
You're welcome.
But it's not over yet.
- [GUNSHOT]
- [ANISSA] I'm not afraid of The One Hundred!
[WILL ECHOING] Bitch, you should be!
[LALA] Murk these girls
and make them disappear.
[WILL] What if it's that
Black Lightning dude?
[BLACK LIGHTNING] Now
you've just pissed me off!
[LABORED BREATHING]
[LALA] These ain't
no ordinary girls, man!
[GASPING]
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org